d:\ProgramData\Windows\documents\Github-project\Wallpaper Project\PJ_SmartDst\Launcher\bin\Debug\net6.0\SmartDstLauncher.exe
d:\ProgramData\Windows\documents\Github-project\Wallpaper Project\PJ_SmartDst\Launcher\bin\Debug\net6.0\SmartDstLauncher.deps.json
d:\ProgramData\Windows\documents\Github-project\Wallpaper Project\PJ_SmartDst\Launcher\bin\Debug\net6.0\SmartDstLauncher.runtimeconfig.json
d:\ProgramData\Windows\documents\Github-project\Wallpaper Project\PJ_SmartDst\Launcher\bin\Debug\net6.0\SmartDstLauncher.dll
d:\ProgramData\Windows\documents\Github-project\Wallpaper Project\PJ_SmartDst\Launcher\bin\Debug\net6.0\SmartDstLauncher.pdb
d:\ProgramData\Windows\documents\Github-project\Wallpaper Project\PJ_SmartDst\Launcher\bin\Debug\net6.0\Microsoft.Bcl.AsyncInterfaces.dll
d:\ProgramData\Windows\documents\Github-project\Wallpaper Project\PJ_SmartDst\Launcher\bin\Debug\net6.0\Microsoft.Extensions.ObjectPool.dll
d:\ProgramData\Windows\documents\Github-project\Wallpaper Project\PJ_SmartDst\Launcher\bin\Debug\net6.0\Microsoft.Win32.Registry.AccessControl.dll
d:\ProgramData\Windows\documents\Github-project\Wallpaper Project\PJ_SmartDst\Launcher\bin\Debug\net6.0\Microsoft.Win32.SystemEvents.dll
d:\ProgramData\Windows\documents\Github-project\Wallpaper Project\PJ_SmartDst\Launcher\bin\Debug\net6.0\System.CodeDom.dll
d:\ProgramData\Windows\documents\Github-project\Wallpaper Project\PJ_SmartDst\Launcher\bin\Debug\net6.0\System.ComponentModel.Composition.dll
d:\ProgramData\Windows\documents\Github-project\Wallpaper Project\PJ_SmartDst\Launcher\bin\Debug\net6.0\System.ComponentModel.Composition.Registration.dll
d:\ProgramData\Windows\documents\Github-project\Wallpaper Project\PJ_SmartDst\Launcher\bin\Debug\net6.0\System.Configuration.ConfigurationManager.dll
d:\ProgramData\Windows\documents\Github-project\Wallpaper Project\PJ_SmartDst\Launcher\bin\Debug\net6.0\System.Data.Odbc.dll
d:\ProgramData\Windows\documents\Github-project\Wallpaper Project\PJ_SmartDst\Launcher\bin\Debug\net6.0\System.Data.OleDb.dll
d:\ProgramData\Windows\documents\Github-project\Wallpaper Project\PJ_SmartDst\Launcher\bin\Debug\net6.0\System.Data.SqlClient.dll
d:\ProgramData\Windows\documents\Github-project\Wallpaper Project\PJ_SmartDst\Launcher\bin\Debug\net6.0\System.Diagnostics.EventLog.dll
d:\ProgramData\Windows\documents\Github-project\Wallpaper Project\PJ_SmartDst\Launcher\bin\Debug\net6.0\System.Diagnostics.PerformanceCounter.dll
d:\ProgramData\Windows\documents\Github-project\Wallpaper Project\PJ_SmartDst\Launcher\bin\Debug\net6.0\System.DirectoryServices.dll
d:\ProgramData\Windows\documents\Github-project\Wallpaper Project\PJ_SmartDst\Launcher\bin\Debug\net6.0\System.DirectoryServices.AccountManagement.dll
d:\ProgramData\Windows\documents\Github-project\Wallpaper Project\PJ_SmartDst\Launcher\bin\Debug\net6.0\System.DirectoryServices.Protocols.dll
d:\ProgramData\Windows\documents\Github-project\Wallpaper Project\PJ_SmartDst\Launcher\bin\Debug\net6.0\System.Drawing.Common.dll
d:\ProgramData\Windows\documents\Github-project\Wallpaper Project\PJ_SmartDst\Launcher\bin\Debug\net6.0\System.IO.Packaging.dll
d:\ProgramData\Windows\documents\Github-project\Wallpaper Project\PJ_SmartDst\Launcher\bin\Debug\net6.0\System.IO.Ports.dll
d:\ProgramData\Windows\documents\Github-project\Wallpaper Project\PJ_SmartDst\Launcher\bin\Debug\net6.0\System.Management.dll
d:\ProgramData\Windows\documents\Github-project\Wallpaper Project\PJ_SmartDst\Launcher\bin\Debug\net6.0\System.Private.ServiceModel.dll
d:\ProgramData\Windows\documents\Github-project\Wallpaper Project\PJ_SmartDst\Launcher\bin\Debug\net6.0\System.Reflection.Context.dll
d:\ProgramData\Windows\documents\Github-project\Wallpaper Project\PJ_SmartDst\Launcher\bin\Debug\net6.0\System.Runtime.Caching.dll
d:\ProgramData\Windows\documents\Github-project\Wallpaper Project\PJ_SmartDst\Launcher\bin\Debug\net6.0\System.Security.Cryptography.Pkcs.dll
d:\ProgramData\Windows\documents\Github-project\Wallpaper Project\PJ_SmartDst\Launcher\bin\Debug\net6.0\System.Security.Cryptography.ProtectedData.dll
d:\ProgramData\Windows\documents\Github-project\Wallpaper Project\PJ_SmartDst\Launcher\bin\Debug\net6.0\System.Security.Cryptography.Xml.dll
d:\ProgramData\Windows\documents\Github-project\Wallpaper Project\PJ_SmartDst\Launcher\bin\Debug\net6.0\System.Security.Permissions.dll
d:\ProgramData\Windows\documents\Github-project\Wallpaper Project\PJ_SmartDst\Launcher\bin\Debug\net6.0\System.ServiceModel.Duplex.dll
d:\ProgramData\Windows\documents\Github-project\Wallpaper Project\PJ_SmartDst\Launcher\bin\Debug\net6.0\System.ServiceModel.Http.dll
d:\ProgramData\Windows\documents\Github-project\Wallpaper Project\PJ_SmartDst\Launcher\bin\Debug\net6.0\System.ServiceModel.NetTcp.dll
d:\ProgramData\Windows\documents\Github-project\Wallpaper Project\PJ_SmartDst\Launcher\bin\Debug\net6.0\System.ServiceModel.Primitives.dll
d:\ProgramData\Windows\documents\Github-project\Wallpaper Project\PJ_SmartDst\Launcher\bin\Debug\net6.0\System.ServiceModel.dll
d:\ProgramData\Windows\documents\Github-project\Wallpaper Project\PJ_SmartDst\Launcher\bin\Debug\net6.0\System.ServiceModel.Security.dll
d:\ProgramData\Windows\documents\Github-project\Wallpaper Project\PJ_SmartDst\Launcher\bin\Debug\net6.0\System.ServiceModel.Syndication.dll
d:\ProgramData\Windows\documents\Github-project\Wallpaper Project\PJ_SmartDst\Launcher\bin\Debug\net6.0\System.ServiceProcess.ServiceController.dll
d:\ProgramData\Windows\documents\Github-project\Wallpaper Project\PJ_SmartDst\Launcher\bin\Debug\net6.0\System.Speech.dll
d:\ProgramData\Windows\documents\Github-project\Wallpaper Project\PJ_SmartDst\Launcher\bin\Debug\net6.0\System.Threading.AccessControl.dll
d:\ProgramData\Windows\documents\Github-project\Wallpaper Project\PJ_SmartDst\Launcher\bin\Debug\net6.0\System.Web.Services.Description.dll
d:\ProgramData\Windows\documents\Github-project\Wallpaper Project\PJ_SmartDst\Launcher\bin\Debug\net6.0\System.Windows.Extensions.dll
d:\ProgramData\Windows\documents\Github-project\Wallpaper Project\PJ_SmartDst\Launcher\bin\Debug\net6.0\cs\System.Private.ServiceModel.resources.dll
d:\ProgramData\Windows\documents\Github-project\Wallpaper Project\PJ_SmartDst\Launcher\bin\Debug\net6.0\de\System.Private.ServiceModel.resources.dll
d:\ProgramData\Windows\documents\Github-project\Wallpaper Project\PJ_SmartDst\Launcher\bin\Debug\net6.0\es\System.Private.ServiceModel.resources.dll
d:\ProgramData\Windows\documents\Github-project\Wallpaper Project\PJ_SmartDst\Launcher\bin\Debug\net6.0\fr\System.Private.ServiceModel.resources.dll
d:\ProgramData\Windows\documents\Github-project\Wallpaper Project\PJ_SmartDst\Launcher\bin\Debug\net6.0\it\System.Private.ServiceModel.resources.dll
d:\ProgramData\Windows\documents\Github-project\Wallpaper Project\PJ_SmartDst\Launcher\bin\Debug\net6.0\ja\System.Private.ServiceModel.resources.dll
d:\ProgramData\Windows\documents\Github-project\Wallpaper Project\PJ_SmartDst\Launcher\bin\Debug\net6.0\ko\System.Private.ServiceModel.resources.dll
d:\ProgramData\Windows\documents\Github-project\Wallpaper Project\PJ_SmartDst\Launcher\bin\Debug\net6.0\pl\System.Private.ServiceModel.resources.dll
d:\ProgramData\Windows\documents\Github-project\Wallpaper Project\PJ_SmartDst\Launcher\bin\Debug\net6.0\pt-BR\System.Private.ServiceModel.resources.dll
d:\ProgramData\Windows\documents\Github-project\Wallpaper Project\PJ_SmartDst\Launcher\bin\Debug\net6.0\ru\System.Private.ServiceModel.resources.dll
d:\ProgramData\Windows\documents\Github-project\Wallpaper Project\PJ_SmartDst\Launcher\bin\Debug\net6.0\tr\System.Private.ServiceModel.resources.dll
d:\ProgramData\Windows\documents\Github-project\Wallpaper Project\PJ_SmartDst\Launcher\bin\Debug\net6.0\zh-Hans\System.Private.ServiceModel.resources.dll
d:\ProgramData\Windows\documents\Github-project\Wallpaper Project\PJ_SmartDst\Launcher\bin\Debug\net6.0\zh-Hant\System.Private.ServiceModel.resources.dll
d:\ProgramData\Windows\documents\Github-project\Wallpaper Project\PJ_SmartDst\Launcher\bin\Debug\net6.0\cs\System.Web.Services.Description.resources.dll
d:\ProgramData\Windows\documents\Github-project\Wallpaper Project\PJ_SmartDst\Launcher\bin\Debug\net6.0\de\System.Web.Services.Description.resources.dll
d:\ProgramData\Windows\documents\Github-project\Wallpaper Project\PJ_SmartDst\Launcher\bin\Debug\net6.0\es\System.Web.Services.Description.resources.dll
d:\ProgramData\Windows\documents\Github-project\Wallpaper Project\PJ_SmartDst\Launcher\bin\Debug\net6.0\fr\System.Web.Services.Description.resources.dll
d:\ProgramData\Windows\documents\Github-project\Wallpaper Project\PJ_SmartDst\Launcher\bin\Debug\net6.0\it\System.Web.Services.Description.resources.dll
d:\ProgramData\Windows\documents\Github-project\Wallpaper Project\PJ_SmartDst\Launcher\bin\Debug\net6.0\ja\System.Web.Services.Description.resources.dll
d:\ProgramData\Windows\documents\Github-project\Wallpaper Project\PJ_SmartDst\Launcher\bin\Debug\net6.0\ko\System.Web.Services.Description.resources.dll
d:\ProgramData\Windows\documents\Github-project\Wallpaper Project\PJ_SmartDst\Launcher\bin\Debug\net6.0\pl\System.Web.Services.Description.resources.dll
d:\ProgramData\Windows\documents\Github-project\Wallpaper Project\PJ_SmartDst\Launcher\bin\Debug\net6.0\pt-BR\System.Web.Services.Description.resources.dll
d:\ProgramData\Windows\documents\Github-project\Wallpaper Project\PJ_SmartDst\Launcher\bin\Debug\net6.0\ru\System.Web.Services.Description.resources.dll
d:\ProgramData\Windows\documents\Github-project\Wallpaper Project\PJ_SmartDst\Launcher\bin\Debug\net6.0\tr\System.Web.Services.Description.resources.dll
d:\ProgramData\Windows\documents\Github-project\Wallpaper Project\PJ_SmartDst\Launcher\bin\Debug\net6.0\zh-Hans\System.Web.Services.Description.resources.dll
d:\ProgramData\Windows\documents\Github-project\Wallpaper Project\PJ_SmartDst\Launcher\bin\Debug\net6.0\zh-Hant\System.Web.Services.Description.resources.dll
d:\ProgramData\Windows\documents\Github-project\Wallpaper Project\PJ_SmartDst\Launcher\bin\Debug\net6.0\runtimes\win\lib\net6.0\Microsoft.Win32.Registry.AccessControl.dll
d:\ProgramData\Windows\documents\Github-project\Wallpaper Project\PJ_SmartDst\Launcher\bin\Debug\net6.0\runtimes\win\lib\net6.0\Microsoft.Win32.SystemEvents.dll
d:\ProgramData\Windows\documents\Github-project\Wallpaper Project\PJ_SmartDst\Launcher\bin\Debug\net6.0\runtimes\linux-arm\native\libSystem.IO.Ports.Native.so
d:\ProgramData\Windows\documents\Github-project\Wallpaper Project\PJ_SmartDst\Launcher\bin\Debug\net6.0\runtimes\linux-arm64\native\libSystem.IO.Ports.Native.so
d:\ProgramData\Windows\documents\Github-project\Wallpaper Project\PJ_SmartDst\Launcher\bin\Debug\net6.0\runtimes\linux-x64\native\libSystem.IO.Ports.Native.so
d:\ProgramData\Windows\documents\Github-project\Wallpaper Project\PJ_SmartDst\Launcher\bin\Debug\net6.0\runtimes\osx-arm64\native\libSystem.IO.Ports.Native.dylib
d:\ProgramData\Windows\documents\Github-project\Wallpaper Project\PJ_SmartDst\Launcher\bin\Debug\net6.0\runtimes\osx-x64\native\libSystem.IO.Ports.Native.dylib
d:\ProgramData\Windows\documents\Github-project\Wallpaper Project\PJ_SmartDst\Launcher\bin\Debug\net6.0\runtimes\win-arm64\native\sni.dll
d:\ProgramData\Windows\documents\Github-project\Wallpaper Project\PJ_SmartDst\Launcher\bin\Debug\net6.0\runtimes\win-x64\native\sni.dll
d:\ProgramData\Windows\documents\Github-project\Wallpaper Project\PJ_SmartDst\Launcher\bin\Debug\net6.0\runtimes\win-x86\native\sni.dll
d:\ProgramData\Windows\documents\Github-project\Wallpaper Project\PJ_SmartDst\Launcher\bin\Debug\net6.0\runtimes\freebsd\lib\net6.0\System.Data.Odbc.dll
d:\ProgramData\Windows\documents\Github-project\Wallpaper Project\PJ_SmartDst\Launcher\bin\Debug\net6.0\runtimes\illumos\lib\net6.0\System.Data.Odbc.dll
d:\ProgramData\Windows\documents\Github-project\Wallpaper Project\PJ_SmartDst\Launcher\bin\Debug\net6.0\runtimes\ios\lib\net6.0\System.Data.Odbc.dll
d:\ProgramData\Windows\documents\Github-project\Wallpaper Project\PJ_SmartDst\Launcher\bin\Debug\net6.0\runtimes\linux\lib\net6.0\System.Data.Odbc.dll
d:\ProgramData\Windows\documents\Github-project\Wallpaper Project\PJ_SmartDst\Launcher\bin\Debug\net6.0\runtimes\osx\lib\net6.0\System.Data.Odbc.dll
d:\ProgramData\Windows\documents\Github-project\Wallpaper Project\PJ_SmartDst\Launcher\bin\Debug\net6.0\runtimes\solaris\lib\net6.0\System.Data.Odbc.dll
d:\ProgramData\Windows\documents\Github-project\Wallpaper Project\PJ_SmartDst\Launcher\bin\Debug\net6.0\runtimes\tvos\lib\net6.0\System.Data.Odbc.dll
d:\ProgramData\Windows\documents\Github-project\Wallpaper Project\PJ_SmartDst\Launcher\bin\Debug\net6.0\runtimes\win\lib\net6.0\System.Data.Odbc.dll
d:\ProgramData\Windows\documents\Github-project\Wallpaper Project\PJ_SmartDst\Launcher\bin\Debug\net6.0\runtimes\win\lib\net6.0\System.Data.OleDb.dll
d:\ProgramData\Windows\documents\Github-project\Wallpaper Project\PJ_SmartDst\Launcher\bin\Debug\net6.0\runtimes\unix\lib\netcoreapp2.1\System.Data.SqlClient.dll
d:\ProgramData\Windows\documents\Github-project\Wallpaper Project\PJ_SmartDst\Launcher\bin\Debug\net6.0\runtimes\win\lib\netcoreapp2.1\System.Data.SqlClient.dll
d:\ProgramData\Windows\documents\Github-project\Wallpaper Project\PJ_SmartDst\Launcher\bin\Debug\net6.0\runtimes\win\lib\net6.0\System.Diagnostics.EventLog.Messages.dll
d:\ProgramData\Windows\documents\Github-project\Wallpaper Project\PJ_SmartDst\Launcher\bin\Debug\net6.0\runtimes\win\lib\net6.0\System.Diagnostics.EventLog.dll
d:\ProgramData\Windows\documents\Github-project\Wallpaper Project\PJ_SmartDst\Launcher\bin\Debug\net6.0\runtimes\win\lib\net6.0\System.Diagnostics.PerformanceCounter.dll
d:\ProgramData\Windows\documents\Github-project\Wallpaper Project\PJ_SmartDst\Launcher\bin\Debug\net6.0\runtimes\win\lib\net6.0\System.DirectoryServices.dll
d:\ProgramData\Windows\documents\Github-project\Wallpaper Project\PJ_SmartDst\Launcher\bin\Debug\net6.0\runtimes\win\lib\net6.0\System.DirectoryServices.AccountManagement.dll
d:\ProgramData\Windows\documents\Github-project\Wallpaper Project\PJ_SmartDst\Launcher\bin\Debug\net6.0\runtimes\linux\lib\net6.0\System.DirectoryServices.Protocols.dll
d:\ProgramData\Windows\documents\Github-project\Wallpaper Project\PJ_SmartDst\Launcher\bin\Debug\net6.0\runtimes\osx\lib\net6.0\System.DirectoryServices.Protocols.dll
d:\ProgramData\Windows\documents\Github-project\Wallpaper Project\PJ_SmartDst\Launcher\bin\Debug\net6.0\runtimes\win\lib\net6.0\System.DirectoryServices.Protocols.dll
d:\ProgramData\Windows\documents\Github-project\Wallpaper Project\PJ_SmartDst\Launcher\bin\Debug\net6.0\runtimes\unix\lib\net6.0\System.Drawing.Common.dll
d:\ProgramData\Windows\documents\Github-project\Wallpaper Project\PJ_SmartDst\Launcher\bin\Debug\net6.0\runtimes\win\lib\net6.0\System.Drawing.Common.dll
d:\ProgramData\Windows\documents\Github-project\Wallpaper Project\PJ_SmartDst\Launcher\bin\Debug\net6.0\runtimes\unix\lib\net6.0\System.IO.Ports.dll
d:\ProgramData\Windows\documents\Github-project\Wallpaper Project\PJ_SmartDst\Launcher\bin\Debug\net6.0\runtimes\win\lib\net6.0\System.IO.Ports.dll
d:\ProgramData\Windows\documents\Github-project\Wallpaper Project\PJ_SmartDst\Launcher\bin\Debug\net6.0\runtimes\win\lib\net6.0\System.Management.dll
d:\ProgramData\Windows\documents\Github-project\Wallpaper Project\PJ_SmartDst\Launcher\bin\Debug\net6.0\runtimes\win\lib\net6.0\System.Runtime.Caching.dll
d:\ProgramData\Windows\documents\Github-project\Wallpaper Project\PJ_SmartDst\Launcher\bin\Debug\net6.0\runtimes\win\lib\net6.0\System.Security.Cryptography.Pkcs.dll
d:\ProgramData\Windows\documents\Github-project\Wallpaper Project\PJ_SmartDst\Launcher\bin\Debug\net6.0\runtimes\win\lib\net6.0\System.Security.Cryptography.ProtectedData.dll
d:\ProgramData\Windows\documents\Github-project\Wallpaper Project\PJ_SmartDst\Launcher\bin\Debug\net6.0\runtimes\win\lib\net6.0\System.ServiceProcess.ServiceController.dll
d:\ProgramData\Windows\documents\Github-project\Wallpaper Project\PJ_SmartDst\Launcher\bin\Debug\net6.0\runtimes\win\lib\net6.0\System.Speech.dll
d:\ProgramData\Windows\documents\Github-project\Wallpaper Project\PJ_SmartDst\Launcher\bin\Debug\net6.0\runtimes\win\lib\net6.0\System.Threading.AccessControl.dll
d:\ProgramData\Windows\documents\Github-project\Wallpaper Project\PJ_SmartDst\Launcher\bin\Debug\net6.0\runtimes\win\lib\net6.0\System.Windows.Extensions.dll
d:\ProgramData\Windows\documents\Github-project\Wallpaper Project\PJ_SmartDst\Launcher\obj\Debug\net6.0\SmartDstLauncher.csproj.AssemblyReference.cache
d:\ProgramData\Windows\documents\Github-project\Wallpaper Project\PJ_SmartDst\Launcher\obj\Debug\net6.0\SmartDstLauncher.GeneratedMSBuildEditorConfig.editorconfig
d:\ProgramData\Windows\documents\Github-project\Wallpaper Project\PJ_SmartDst\Launcher\obj\Debug\net6.0\SmartDstLauncher.AssemblyInfoInputs.cache
d:\ProgramData\Windows\documents\Github-project\Wallpaper Project\PJ_SmartDst\Launcher\obj\Debug\net6.0\SmartDstLauncher.AssemblyInfo.cs
d:\ProgramData\Windows\documents\Github-project\Wallpaper Project\PJ_SmartDst\Launcher\obj\Debug\net6.0\SmartDstLauncher.csproj.CoreCompileInputs.cache
d:\ProgramData\Windows\documents\Github-project\Wallpaper Project\PJ_SmartDst\Launcher\obj\Debug\net6.0\SmartDstLauncher.sourcelink.json
d:\ProgramData\Windows\documents\Github-project\Wallpaper Project\PJ_SmartDst\Launcher\obj\Debug\net6.0\SmartDst.586C1C49.Up2Date
d:\ProgramData\Windows\documents\Github-project\Wallpaper Project\PJ_SmartDst\Launcher\obj\Debug\net6.0\SmartDstLauncher.dll
d:\ProgramData\Windows\documents\Github-project\Wallpaper Project\PJ_SmartDst\Launcher\obj\Debug\net6.0\refint\SmartDstLauncher.dll
d:\ProgramData\Windows\documents\Github-project\Wallpaper Project\PJ_SmartDst\Launcher\obj\Debug\net6.0\SmartDstLauncher.pdb
d:\ProgramData\Windows\documents\Github-project\Wallpaper Project\PJ_SmartDst\Launcher\obj\Debug\net6.0\SmartDstLauncher.genruntimeconfig.cache
d:\ProgramData\Windows\documents\Github-project\Wallpaper Project\PJ_SmartDst\Launcher\obj\Debug\net6.0\ref\SmartDstLauncher.dll
